Review section for Chart Control. (#609)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/chart/behaviors/tooltip-behavior.md

---
title: ToolTip Behavior
page_title: .NET MAUI Chart Documentation - ToolTip Behavior

> description: Learn more about the tooltip behavior of the Chart thet handles rendering concise information about a data point in a small popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn more about the tooltip behavior of the Chart that renders concise information about a data point in a small popup.
```
